sup guys I'm Melana dawn mrs. Park or
that inspires today we're here with WF
p.m. world freerunning parkour
Federation the peace project and we're
here operation reach out good evening
tonight the world is responding to a
disaster in an island nation with
absolute an immaculate ps3 hottie
patottie super typhoon haiyan we are
still learning just how bad the
situation is in the philippines though
it's now clear it's worse than we first
knew and we're just going to build some
houses raise money have fun together for
your operation reach out and the cost to
build each house is only five hundred
dollars so donate this is only one of
the first permanent housing project
since typhoon Yolanda so we need a lot
of help donate your money build some
houses and you're going to help some
families thanks so much for more
information go to www GECOM backslash
operation reach out
it's a beautiful morning we're just
getting started here today but as you
can see we already have five pledges the
wfp f was first to sign up to donate a
house for one family you can sign up you
can pick whatever family you want to
donate you I just bought a house today
which is awesome so it's five hundred
dollars to buy a house it's you know
it's it's a small sacrifice for people
here in America all of us it is a
sacrifice but that small sacrifice means
so much to a family in the Philippines
so I urge everybody to give what you can
if you can pledge a hundred dollars to
buy a house that would be amazing here's
one of the houses and the houses that
are being built or actually an
incorrectly
so tell us about your family is over
there what they've been going through ok
so it's an Athenian island I've been
there several times and I have a lot of
relatives there that are still homeless
living in camps this is my grandma this
is owls and they're volunteers Fatima
this is my hand the back and is seen his
a British model actor its basic Japan
right now but you went there to you know
bring gum ropes I told him at all people
are so homeless so they're still
homeless right now I'm Elena Don and
this is our course it inspires more
information go to w HPS com
you